As tempted as you may be to skip this video,
I'd recommend watching it just to make sure you've removed all
the resources we created during this course.
Some of them can get pretty pricey.
I'm looking at you, RDS.
So make sure you remove them all.
I've provided a script in the demo code to remove most of the resources,
but we do need to manually delete some that were created by us in this course.
First, go to the VPC dashboard and click on the Endpoints menu option.
Select the Kinesis VPC endpoint we created.
Then click the Actions drop‑down and select Delete Endpoint, then Yes, Delete.
Now go into CloudWatch and then Alarms and select
the lambda_error_alarm we created.
Then select Actions and Delete.
Now head over to the IAM dashboard and click on the Roles menu option.
Select the role that starts with trash‑panda‑buffet‑dev.
This is a role that was created by the Serverless Framework.
We need to detach the policies added for X‑Ray access. So, click the X icon
on the right for any policies that mention tracer access.
Once that's completed, the rest of our demo application will be ready to
delete. Pull up your command line, and at the root of our project, execute the
command npm run remove. This will take some time to finish. So, feel free to
get yourself some coffee or take a nap or watch a movie or something. If
you're wondering why we manually removed some of those resources, it's because
the Serverless Framework uses CloudFormation to create all the resources for
our application.
If things are manually created after the fact, it isn't able
to remove them when we delete the stack.
Also,
there are occasionally resources that must be removed in a
certain order or their dependency relationship with a resource
will cause it to be unremovable.
The VPC endpoint is a perfect example of that, and we wouldn't be able
to remove any of the subnets that we created since they are a
dependency of the endpoint. Once it completes, then everything has
been removed. You will still have the IAM role we manually created for
the processAction lambda, but those don't cost anything. So, you can remove it on your own if you want to.